candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
