candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/builder.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/chain.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/command.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/composite.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/memento.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/observer.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/state.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml