candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/AbstractFactory.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/FactoryMethod.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/adapter.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/bridge.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/builder.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/builder.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/builder.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/builder.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/builder.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/builder.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/builder.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/builder.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/builder.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/builder.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/builder.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/builder.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/builder.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/builder.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/builder.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/builder.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/builder.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/builder.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/builder.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/builder.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/builder.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/builder.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/chain.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/chain.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/chain.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/chain.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/chain.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/chain.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/chain.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/chain.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/chain.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/chain.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/chain.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/chain.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/chain.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/chain.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/chain.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/chain.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/chain.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/chain.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/chain.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/chain.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/chain.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/chain.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/command.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/command.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/command.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/command.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/command.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/command.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/command.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/command.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/command.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/command.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/command.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/command.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/command.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/command.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/command.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/command.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/command.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/command.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/command.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/command.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/command.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/command.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/composite.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/composite.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/composite.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/composite.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/composite.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/composite.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/composite.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/composite.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/composite.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/composite.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/composite.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/composite.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/composite.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/composite.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/composite.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/composite.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/composite.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/composite.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/composite.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/composite.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/composite.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/composite.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/decorator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/flyweight.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/interpreter.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/iterator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/mediator.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/memento.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/memento.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/memento.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/memento.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/memento.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/memento.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/memento.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/memento.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/memento.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/memento.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/memento.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/memento.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/memento.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/memento.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/memento.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/memento.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/memento.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/memento.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/memento.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/memento.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/memento.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/memento.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/observer.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/observer.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/observer.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/observer.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/observer.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/observer.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/observer.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/observer.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/observer.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/observer.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/observer.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/observer.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/observer.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/observer.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/observer.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/observer.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/observer.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/observer.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/observer.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/observer.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/observer.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/observer.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/prototype.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/proxy.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/singleton.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/state.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/state.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/state.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/state.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/state.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/state.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/state.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/state.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/state.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/state.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/state.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/state.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/state.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/state.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/state.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/state.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/state.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/state.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/state.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/state.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/state.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/state.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/strategy.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/templatemethod.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/visitor.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions_with_order/ajp_code.visitor.xml
