candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.adapter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.adapter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.bridge.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.bridge.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.builder.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.builder.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.chain.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.chain.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.command.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.command.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.composite.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.composite.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.decorator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.decorator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.flyweight.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.flyweight.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.interpreter.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.interpreter.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.iterator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.iterator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.mediator.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.mediator.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.memento.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.memento.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.observer.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.observer.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.prototype.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.prototype.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.proxy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.proxy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.singleton.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.singleton.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.state.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.state.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.strategy.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.strategy.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.templatemethod.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.templatemethod.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.AbstractFactory.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.FactoryMethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.adapter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.bridge.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.builder.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.chain.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.command.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.composite.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.decorator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.flyweight.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.interpreter.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.iterator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.mediator.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.memento.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.observer.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.prototype.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.proxy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.singleton.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.state.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.strategy.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.templatemethod.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
candidateinstances/ajp_code.visitor.ql.out.instances dynamicfacts/ajp_code.visitor.RunPattern.txt dynamicdefinitions/ajp_code.visitor.xml
